---
layout: post
title: "Hi there"
date: 2012-06-09 21:10
comments: true
categories:
- HelloWorld
- VCS
- Git
- Subversion
- Octopress
---

I've got to admit, git makes me feel old.  I started on CVS and RCS, and made the transition to Subversion (I feel) fairly well.  I'm not a master of any of them, but I can do the basics that I need:

 * "I think this version is good, keep it"
 * "Hey, what's the latest version of this thing?"
 * "Crap, that didn't work, go back"
 * "Who broke this thing?"

... Yep, that's it.  I can certainly work with branches when needed, but I don't do it often enough to remember it off the top of my head; I pretty much always have to go look it up.  That'll change soon because of $DAYJOB: we keep our Puppet configuration in Subversion, and I think the day where we need branches in there is coming.  Yay?

<!--more-->

Anyway, that being said, I thought I could do the same stuff in Git, up until when I started using Octopress here.  However, having followed [TFM](http://octopress.org/docs/setup/) in how to set it up, I almost immediately hit an error:

```
houdini@linode ~/projects/octopress (source*) % git pull
Already up-to-date.
houdini@linode ~/projects/octopress (source*) % git push
To git@github.com:BillWeiss/billweiss.github.com.git
 ! [rejected]        source -> source (non-fast-forward)
 error: failed to push some refs to
 'git@github.com:BillWeiss/billweiss.github.com.git'
 hint: Updates were rejected because the tip of your current branch is
 behind
 hint: its remote counterpart. Merge the remote changes (e.g. 'git pull')
 hint: before pushing again.
 hint: See the 'Note about fast-forwards' in 'git push --help' for
 details.
```

... Well, hell.  I don't know what to do with that.  That's on trying to commit my change to the site \_config.yml as described in [TFM part 3](http://octopress.org/docs/configuring/).  Hmf.  We'll see if this post works at all.

Anyway, the note about fast-forwards (as described in that error message) made no sense to me.  

...

Of course, in ranting about this and making sure I'd done the JFGI required to not be mocked (ha, right) I found (this helpful blog entry)[http://rip747.wordpress.com/2009/04/20/git-push-rejected-non-fast-forward/], which lead me to issue "git pull origin source", which told me there was a conflict in my \_config.yml and told me to fix it.  Lo and behold, I'm good again.

Like I said, it makes me feel old :)

$DAYJOB is working on some Github stuff these days, so I'll be forced to figure it out; I suspect that Octopress here will do the same.
